# Skills Assessment

I created a custom solution for a hospital staffing agency whereby a nurse for example, who wants to travel somewhere in the Nation can fill out a skills assesment test, which is converted into a PDF document, and passed on in an email to their recruiter. The PDF is stored as a base-64 string in the back-end, coupled with the credentials they provide on the client-side. 

Using React JS, Hooks, Bootstrap, AJAX calls, jsPDF, DOM manipulation via Vanilla JS, YARN, HTML5 and CSS on the front-end, I built two fully functional applications, one for admin access and the other, for traveling hospital employees. I designed the wireframes in Figma, using an existing application as a reference, as I was instructed to do so. The admin page was fully designed using React Bootstrap and the Skills Assessment Test application was created using custom CSS. I deployed the app through Netlify and pointed it to https://skills.nurse2nursestaffing.online

On the back-end, I used C#, ASP.NET, EF Core, JWT Tokens, Microsoft.Identity, and PostgreSQL to create an MVC architect pattern. I created an ERD with three different tables. One model was created for user authentication (post/update), another for NurseInformation (CRUD), and finally one for the admin to add/delete Recruiters. Additionally, I used SendGrid to create an email given a set of data which I later converted to using the MailGun API instead. I deployed the app onto Heroku using Docker as a tool to containerize the code. 
